Homogeneous equations - 
when all constant terms are zero
eg a1x1 + a2x2 + ... + anxn = 0
if all x terms are 0 then it is clearly a solution - this is called a trivial solution
any solution where at least one variable has a nonzero value is called a nontrivial solution.


If a homogeneous system of linear equations has more variables than equations, then it has a
nontrivial solution (in fact, infinitely many).

Example 1.3.5 solves homogenous system with coefficient matrix
example 1.3.6 puts matrix A into linear combination of basic solutions

Matrix - 
A matrix is said to be in row-echelon form (and will be called a row-echelon matrix) if it
satisfies the following three conditions:
1. All zero rows (consisting entirely of zeros) are at the bottom.
2. The first nonzero entry from the left in each nonzero row is a 1, called the leading 1 for that
row.
3. Each leading 1 is to the right of all leading 1s in the rows above it.
A row-echelon matrix is said to be in reduced row-echelon form (and will be called a reduced
row-echelon matrix) if, in addition, it satisfies the following condition:
4. Each leading 1 is the only nonzero entry in its column.

Gaussian algorithm

Step 1. If the matrix consists entirely of zeros, stop—it is already in row-echelon form.
Step 2. Otherwise, find the first column from the left containing a nonzero entry (call it a),
and move the row containing that entry to the top position.
Step 3. Now multiply the new top row by 1/a to create a leading 1.
Step 4. By subtracting multiples of that row from rows below it, make each entry below the
leading 1 zero.
This completes the first row, and all further row operations are carried out on the remaining rows.
Step 5. Repeat steps 1–4 on the matrix consisting of the remaining rows.
The process stops when either no rows remain at step 5 or the remaining rows consist entirely of
zeros.

r (or rank) is the number of rows with leading 1s

if there is no leading variable for a variable set it to like t or smth x3 = t for a parameter

Gaussian Elimination
To solve a system of linear equations proceed as follows:
1. Carry the augmented matrix to a reduced row-echelon matrix using elementary row
operations.
2. If a row

0 0 0 ··· 0 1
occurs, the system is inconsistent.
3. Otherwise, assign the nonleading variables (if any) as parameters, and use the equations
corresponding to the reduced row-echelon matrix to solve for the leading variables in terms
of the parameters.


MATRIX
• If a matrix has size m×n, it has m rows and n columns.
• If we speak of the (i, j)-entry of a matrix, it lies in row i and column j.
• If an entry is denoted ai j, the first subscript i refers to the row and the second subscript j to the
column in which ai j lies.

If A is an m×n matrix, the transpose of A, written A^T
 is the n×m matrix whose rows are just the
columns of A in the same order.

Example 2.2.2 to multiple by a vector

if u solve it into arbitrary parameters, it means for any choice of s and t its a solution.

https://math.berkeley.edu/~arash/54/notes/01_04.pdf
Ax=b is defined in the link above

definitoin 2.6 for dot product

example 2.3.1 for multiplying matrix by a matrix

the (1,3) entry of AB is the dot product of row 1 of A and column 3 of B

the (2,4) entry of AB involves row 2 of A and column 4 of B

Block partitioning is just matrixes made up of variables meaning other matrixes, maths is done normally

with block partions when doing stuff to left side gotta do it to right side also


INVERSE 
PUT the left into row echelon while also doing the operations on the right , sooner or later
u are gonna get the left reduced row echelon form and the right will be the original left hand side.
multiply inverse by orginal to get the main diagaonal matrix thing


